README.md, before:

# McCoy's Mansion #

## Summary ##

**A paragraph-length pitch for your game.**

## Project Resources

[Play the Game](https://ripetomato3.itch.io/mccoys-mansion)

[Trailor](https://youtube.com)  

[Press Kit](https://dopresskit.com/)  

[Initial Plan/Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sA2XxWCMnUcR5FnoEW7Uw0EvomDNiPJk1OjwOKdOJOg/edit?usp=sharing)  

## Gameplay Explanation ##

**In this section, explain how the game should be played. Treat this as a manual within a game. Explaining the button mappings and the most optimal gameplay strategy is encouraged.**


**Add it here if you did work that should be factored into your grade but does not fit easily into the proscribed roles! Please include links to resources and descriptions of game-related material that does not fit into roles here.**

# External Code, Ideas, and Structure #

If your project contains code that: 1) your team did not write, and 2) does not fit cleanly into a role, please document it in this section. Please include the author of the code, where to find the code, and note which scripts, folders, or other files that comprise the external contribution. Additionally, include the license for the external code that permits you to use it. You do not need to include the license for code provided by the instruction team.

If you used tutorials or other intellectual guidance to create aspects of your project, include reference to that information as well.

# Team Member Contributions

This section be repeated once for each team member. Each team member should provide their name and GitHub user information.

The general structures is 
```
Team Member 1
  Main Role
    Documentation for main role.
  Sub-Role
    Documentation for Sub-Role
  Other contribtions
    Documentation for contributions to the project outside of the main and sub roles.

Team Member 2
  Main Role
    Documentation for main role.
  Sub-Role
    Documentation for Sub-Role
  Other contribtions
    Documentation for contributions to the project outside of the main and sub roles.
...
```

For each team member, you shoudl work of your role and sub-role in terms of the content of the course. Please look at the role sections below for specific instructions for each role.

Below is a template for you to highlight items of your work. These provide the evidence needed for your work to be evaluated. Try to have at least four such descriptions. They will be assessed on the quality of the underlying system and how they are linked to course content. 

*Short Description* - Long description of your work item that includes how it is relevant to topics discussed in class. [link to evidence in your repository](https://github.com/dr-jam/ECS189L/edit/project-description/ProjectDocumentTemplate.md)

Here is an example:  
*Procedural Terrain* - The game's background consists of procedurally generated terrain produced with Perlin noise. The game can modify this terrain at run-time via a call to its script methods. The intent is to allow the player to modify the terrain. This system is based on the component design pattern and the procedural content generation portions of the course. [The PCG terrain generation script](https://github.com/dr-jam/CameraControlExercise/blob/513b927e87fc686fe627bf7d4ff6ff841cf34e9f/Obscura/Assets/Scripts/TerrainGenerator.cs#L6).

You should replay any **bold text** with your relevant information. Liberally use the template when necessary and appropriate.

Add addition contributions int he Other Contributions section.

## Main Roles ##

## Sub-Roles ##

## Other Contributions ##

Commit message:

Revise README with game details and mechanics
Expanded game summary and gameplay explanation with detailed mechanics and strategies.

README.md, after:

# McCoy's Mansion #

## Summary ##

This is an escape-room horror game where the player must navigate through a series of rooms, finding clues, solving puzzles, and piecing together the path to freedom. But every step comes with danger. Certain suspicious items are scattered throughout the environment, and interacting with the wrong one will trigger a jumpscare that drastically reduces the timer. The tension never lets up, because the whole time the player has to keep an eye on that countdown. If the timer hits zero, the player loses. But if they can avoid the traps, uncover the clues, and escape all the rooms before time runs out, they win the game. It’s a fast-paced, suspenseful mix of puzzle-solving and survival, designed to keep players on edge from start to finish.

## Project Resources

[Play the Game](https://ripetomato3.itch.io/mccoys-mansion)
[Trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYF02bDhPTo)
[Press Kit](https://dopresskit.com/)  
[Initial Plan/Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sA2XxWCMnUcR5FnoEW7Uw0EvomDNiPJk1OjwOKdOJOg/edit?usp=sharing)  

## Gameplay Explanation ##

The player can move around the rooms using either WASD or the arrow keys, letting them explore every corner as they search for clues. Interacting with items is simple. Just press E on the keyboard. Certain objects can be picked up, and anything the player collects will appear in their hotbar. If the player picks up more than one item, they can press the number key that corresponds to that item’s position in the hotbar to focus on it. From there, they can choose to use the item whenever they’re ready. This system lets players quickly switch between tools and clues as they work their way through the puzzles and dangers of each room. The optimal strategy to win the game is to read between the lines of each clue and then survey the environment for objects that relate to the clue and interact with those objects.


**Add it here if you did work that should be factored into your grade but does not fit easily into the proscribed roles! Please include links to resources and descriptions of game-related material that does not fit into roles here.**

# External Code, Ideas, and Structure #

If your project contains code that: 1) your team did not write, and 2) does not fit cleanly into a role, please document it in this section. Please include the author of the code, where to find the code, and note which scripts, folders, or other files that comprise the external contribution. Additionally, include the license for the external code that permits you to use it. You do not need to include the license for code provided by the instruction team.

If you used tutorials or other intellectual guidance to create aspects of your project, include reference to that information as well.

# Team Member Contributions

This section be repeated once for each team member. Each team member should provide their name and GitHub user information.

The general structures is 
```
Team Member 1
  Main Role
    Documentation for main role.
  Sub-Role
    Documentation for Sub-Role
  Other contribtions
    Documentation for contributions to the project outside of the main and sub roles.

Team Member 2
  Main Role
    Documentation for main role.
  Sub-Role
    Documentation for Sub-Role
  Other contribtions
    Documentation for contributions to the project outside of the main and sub roles.
...
```

For each team member, you shoudl work of your role and sub-role in terms of the content of the course. Please look at the role sections below for specific instructions for each role.

Below is a template for you to highlight items of your work. These provide the evidence needed for your work to be evaluated. Try to have at least four such descriptions. They will be assessed on the quality of the underlying system and how they are linked to course content. 

*Short Description* - Long description of your work item that includes how it is relevant to topics discussed in class. [link to evidence in your repository](https://github.com/dr-jam/ECS189L/edit/project-description/ProjectDocumentTemplate.md)

Here is an example:  
*Procedural Terrain* - The game's background consists of procedurally generated terrain produced with Perlin noise. The game can modify this terrain at run-time via a call to its script methods. The intent is to allow the player to modify the terrain. This system is based on the component design pattern and the procedural content generation portions of the course. [The PCG terrain generation script](https://github.com/dr-jam/CameraControlExercise/blob/513b927e87fc686fe627bf7d4ff6ff841cf34e9f/Obscura/Assets/Scripts/TerrainGenerator.cs#L6).

You should replay any **bold text** with your relevant information. Liberally use the template when necessary and appropriate.

Add addition contributions int he Other Contributions section.

## Main Roles ##

## Sub-Roles ##

## Other Contributions ##
